<body>
  <h2>Year 7 Notes</h2>
  <h4>List of subjects</h4>
  <p><a href="https://shan-mei.github.io/shanmeis-notes/notes/year-7/english.html"><span class="button">English</span></a><br><a href="https://shan-mei.github.io/shanmeis-notes/notes/year-7/hass.html"><span class="button">HaSS</span></a><br><a href="https://shan-mei.github.io/shanmeis-notes/notes/year-7/math.html"><span class="button">Math</span></a><br><a href="https://shan-mei.github.io/shanmeis-notes/notes/year-7/science.html"><span class="button">Science</span></a></p>
  <h4>Reflection of Year 7</h4>
  <p>Year 7 for me was quite an eventful year. The year started with our settling in - we would start the year very timid and afraid of what we were meant to do, surrounded by all the scary year 8s and the frighteningly tall year 12s. Many of us also still retained the personalities of our primary school selves - we were kind, some a little sassy and some a little shy.<br>We started the term off with a focus day - getting used to computers, doing some mindfulness activities (which many of us did not enjoy, but please, I found it quite fun) and getting to know each other better. We also had Mufti day, our first whole school social event. Many of us bought many things and sat in desolate corners with our short, year 7 friends as year 9s eyed us suspiciously.<br>Term 2 was a little more eventful than the first, with lightning carnival and our year group camp. Many people also started owning their teenage personalities - grumpier, sassier and meaner than our primary school selves. And the rolled up skirt trend spread across at least half of the year 7 girls. Year 7 lightning carnival was joint with our year 7 camp. Year 7 lightning carnival had 4 sports to choose from - soccer (which I chose), basketball, cricket and afl, I believe. I am not that sure of the other 3 sports but that's what I think they were. After the lightning carnival, we headed straight for year 7 camp at Woodman point. There were multiple activities, like orienteering, archery, rock climbing and beach activities. Each person only got to do half of the activities, but they were all extremely fun. Year 7 camp is a good opportunity to push yourself and get to know other people better.<br>Term 3 was quite bland. Not much happened, just more stress.<br>Term 4 was quite nice. We ended with a river cruise and many of us met new friends on the cruise. It was a very fun experience, we got to see each other in a little more formal clothing. The end of the year was also when half of the cohort realised "oh yipee I don't have to do compulsory choir anymore!" We also had the locker rush, and the transition from stokes to andrews.</p>
  <h4>Thoughts on the Curriculum</h4>
  <p>It wasn't exactly the greatest year for studying for me, had a lot of procrastination habits throughout year 7. Was definitely a learning curve for me habits wise. However, the curriculum wasn't the best, but it held its own and had it's ups and downs.<br>English was ok, you learnt many basics and fundamentals for essay writing. Not very much done on the creative side like narratives and persuasive though. Some tasks I feel were quite redundant and not very "English-subject" based, such as the movie poster task in term 2 (I didn't ever end up getting my mark and feedback for that) and the making a documentary task that was never assessed. I had Miss Donaldson, she's a pretty good teacher and her classes were mostly fun and helpful. Very open to questions as well.<br>Math was quite "eh," just my teacher wasn't very good. Didn't learn a lot of stuff because all he gave was mathspace tasks and didn't really teach - it's like a what perth mod actually is - a school for self learning. Teacher was still quite open to questions but didn't always give explanations the best...<br>Science was quite good, especially first term where we learned science inquiry skills - I have attached my booklet in the science inquiry section. Earth and space science was full of theory, boring but useful if you want to pursue space sciences. I find that the information however wasn't repeated in year 8 and wasn't helpful to me. Biology was pretty redundant to what I learned in primary school, like plant structures, etc. Chemistry... what we learnt gets repeated in year 8 I think... not good use of the term in my opinion. I don't remember doing physics, information didn't get retained in year 8. I got a Japanese teacher, but she was very knowledgable about science, answered the answerable questions (not the intellectual ones) and everyone score pretty high on the test (I think I topped the class once in one test ;) )<br>HaSS was a "funny" year - had the McMahon. Must say he's an actually decent teacher though - I learnt and retained my info through year 8 and it was how I score full marks on my geography test. Scored very high on everything else in first semester as well, until grades started dropping like dead flies in second semester... oh well, that's probably my own fault for not studying. The curriculum itself is quite unique - many research based tasks, we had a economics choices simulation for half of term 3. Many of us were overworked due to the tasks being designed for 4 periods a week whereas we had the 3 periods a week only... screw curriculum.<br>Music was bad. Down right bad. Didn't learn anything the whole year. Very very boring.<br>Languages was quite interesting, we did a term of every language offered at Mod. French teachers have a really big issue with attendance... half the time I had relief and just didn't learn anything. The only thing I remember from french is "oui oui baguette" and that's it (not lying). Chinese has a pretty full on curriculum for second language students but quite plain for background, but that's to be expected - it's a term long course and in every class there's only like 4 - 5 background students. Italian was ok, I did Italian in primary school and didn't learn anything except how to make Bruchetta. It tastes really good. 90% recommend. Japanese was also quite full on - covered a lot of content considering 1 term, but a lot of extra study required at home since the fast paced work.<br>Computer science is interesting to discuss. You do a semester of it in year 7... and I don't actually remember any of the content. But Mr Wilson's grammar is quite bad.<br>Other tech subjects include woodworking and food tech. Both very fun courses and the food is very nice. In woodworks in the lazer cutting component I made a nice little door hanger which I uh don't actually hang on my door :D. Picture attached below. I ended up loosing my saw skills project so no photos of that. Just a quick note, Mr O'Brien is a little like a uni lecturer, he gives you a whole bunch on instructions during the lesson and expects you to work on it yourself for the next few weeks.<br>Insert a photo of my woodwork project here<br>Art subjects were quite fun. A term of visual art, term of dance, term of drama and I don't remember what the last one was. All very fun terms and you learn a lot of basics of the skill. Teachers are also very helpful and knowledgeable.<br>Careers and innovations still existed when I was in year 7. They were removed because they were a little useless. But fairly fun subjects if you force yourself to think of it that way.<br>Sport and health were ok. I enjoyed the first term of sport a lot, it was badminton and I'm actually ok at it. Health was boring, it's a little awkward if you have health in sem 1 and not sem 2, but it's ok.</p>
</body>
