<body>
  <h2>Dedication 1 - Luvenia Yeo</h2>
  <p>Luvenia is an interesting person.</p>
  <p>She has brown eyes. She has a slightly elongated face. She has mid length hair. She is a rather pretty individual. She is shorter than me, which is quite the achievement.</p>
  <p>Luvenia is also very talented at violin. She does grade 8 ameb as of writing. She has won a multitude of competitions and played solos. She is currently sitting as violin 2 section leader in WAYO. She has played violin in an chamber ensemble made up of her, me and a particular Crystal Lee. She has also played piano for a concert, despite never learning it. She is also very good at music theory and singing. She also plays clarinet to a decent standard.</p>
  <p>She is friends with the legendary Ellie Malonzo. She has a very queer personality. She can be very socially awkward yet around people she knows, she is loud and outgoing. She is keen on helping and assisting other people. However, she can be a little mean at times, like your common teenager.</p>
  <p>Luvenia is a fairly smart person. She is keen on becoming a vet and she accels at humanities and sciences. She also learns French. When she does University, she would like to major in music and something else. She also wants to do music atar, however her parents are very against this idea.</p>
  <p>Luvenia is very attached to horses. She reads the word "house" as "horse." And if you add an S to both words too. She also likes other animals like rabbits. She might end up working as an unusual pet vet, I'm not sure.</p>
  <p>Luvenia loves fantasy. She is a big fan of fantasy music and books. She was writing a collab fantasy non existent movie soundtrack with a particular Crystal Lee. She also loves the book series "Stormlight Archives" written by Brandon Sanderson.</p>
  <p>I also like fantasy music, however I am not a fan of fantasy books, or any fiction, really. I like poems and historical fiction and that's about it. Luvenia and I were thinking about writing a ballet some time next year with a fantasy theme.</p>
  <p>Fantasy music is very cool. However, it can be boring. It uses the same motif over and over again and the music is often not original. However, this can be fixed if we made the motif more interesting and didn't take motifs from other fantasy themes. A very common one that is used is la do do la la re re la la mi mi ti do ti la so repeat. People should stop using it. I am getting extremely bored of listening to this motif.</p>
  <p>One thing I do like about fantasy music however is is unique use of orchestra, soloist, choir and contemporary groups. I think the use of kit and electronics within a classical orchestra is very interesting. There are also a multitude of solo parts (ie solo violin, saxophone, voice, piano etc) which would generally played by guest soloists rather than section leaders. Often, a choir would also be "ooh"ing and "aah"ing as a background. I think this all together creates a very unique blend within fantasy and film music in general.</p>
</body>
