<body>
  <h2>How to survive the wilderness. A set of stories.</h2>
  <h4>Note:</h4>
  <p>This is a completely fictional story written by friends in a group chat.</p>
  <h4>Prologue - Written by Donal Tony</h4>
  <p>Narrator: The Ariellian Palmtree once again starts growling as it faces opposition from the Dodo and the elusive species often called the 'ShanMei'<br>Narrator: Tis only a matter of time before the Palmtree pounces and attacks...<br>Palmtree: (Silence)<br>Narrator: Unfortunately, the Palmtree seems to have gone into hibernation. The attack will have to wait another day.<br>Palmtree: GRGRGRRRGRGRRRR<br>Narrator: Ah, we see that the palmtree has returned. The fight shall begin.<br>Palmtree: GRRRRR<br>Narrator:The palmtree assumes its defensive position, its long branches make a shield of sorts, and the battle begins. It will be a long one, but the palmtree will survive, as will the Dodo.The palmtree growls louder as the Dodo steps forwards and attacks.<br>Shan-Mei: HAHAHAHAHAHA<br>Narrator: The ShanMei appears in the distance, laughing as the battle ensues. Both parties are tired but continue fighting, for fear of failure.The Palmtree stops growling to regain its strength.<br>Palmtree: GRGRGRRGRGRGGRGGRRGRGR<br>Narrator: The palmtree growls louder and louder as the Dodo agitates it more and more.The Dodo, exhausted, collapses at the mercy of the Palmtree...<br>Narrator: The palmtree accepts victory and moves on...The battle has endedNo casualties, yet devastating nonetheless. Next time on WILDERN3SS SURV1VAL 101, we see how Lulunatic confronts the Ant while Rat Crys in the distance...<br>Palmtree: You Viola.<br>Narrator: The palmtree returns to see the remains of the poor Dodo, insulting it as it lays in its final moments...<br>Palmtree: Who knew u could b the next david attenborough<br>Dodo: obviously not you<br>Palmtree: ...grrrrr<br>Narrator: The palmtree is still growling for no apparent reason<br>Palmtree: grrrrr<br>Narrator: The palmtr-</p>
  <h4>Part 1 - Written by Ethan Trinh</h4>
  <p>They have been on the same island for so long with the Lulunatic species they now speak a mix of grrrrorila and luvenian<br>Diet: A chaotic mix of chicken, cheese, and cars...which would be confusing had it not been for the giant car-transportation by beluga plane (yes that's a thing) several decades ago when the palmtree species was still roots, and the fallen cars fertilised the barren ground. It is suspected that the Luvenian species originates for the monkeys that were test-subjects in those cars. On another note, egg-flavoured cheese seems to be the most aspired-to choice of diet. These eggs come from the nests of the Dodo species, who lay their eggs on these trees unawares, like flies in a Venus fly-trap. Oh, and they love eating trees...especially palm trees. Now if you may excuse me, this narrator must now go take a puke.<br>Habbit: Burning violas and sitting on durians.</p>
</body>