
<head>
  <title>Perfect Pitch Bad</title>
</head>
<body>
  <h2>Perfect Pitch is Useless</h2>
  <p>I am a perfect pitch person. However, I am here to tell you that it's bad.</p>
  <h4>What is perfect pitch? And what is relative pitch?</h4>
  <p>Perfect pitch is the ability to recognise the pitch of a note produced by an instrument or object (ie. the low G bowed across a violin, a drumstick dropped on the train floor). Depending on a person's singing abilities, they may also be able to reproduce a certain note without a reference (ie asking someone to sing a C of any octave)<br>There are two kinds of relative pitch - one with a given reference note and the kind involving "fixed notes." One is a reference note is the ability of tell the pitch of a note after being given another note (for example, the A440 of a tuning fork). This will be referred to as normal relative pitch. Relative pitch with fixed notes is when a person has memorised the pitch and Hertz of a specific note, or maybe multiple, and they find the pitch of other notes through these "fixed notes." After training, people can go as far as memorising every note of the common range (octave 2 - 7). This will be referred to as good relative pitch.</p>
  <h4>Perfect pitch is annoying</h4>
  <p>The Hertz you have been tuned to (415, 440, 441, etc) is fairly fixed. As a result, you will suffer listening to some music. As people's perfect pitch is generally trained toward concert pitch, it is extremely difficult for them to adjust to transposing instruments, ie clarinet. That's why so many perfect pitch people play bowed string and keyboard instruments. Though personal experience, you can't really listen to a fellow classmate who's intonation isn't great perform without wincing, and it can appear quite insulting to the performer if you're making faces. However, relative pitch people do not really have this issue when listening and playing instruments. Even if their sense of pitch is as good as a perfect pitch person's, it is much easier for them to adjust to out of tune music and non concert pitch instruments. The only exception is George Collier, his Moon River just messes with anyone's brain and you just lose all sense of pitch when he modulates, and even when you know it's out of tune, your ears won't hurt. Someone put Ellie Malonzo and I through the Moon River test and we both came out rather fazed. I had a little look into Mirrie Hill, a female Australian dead composer who had perfect pitch. It was noted down that when she was just 3, the out of tune church bells that rang would distress her greatly.</p>
  <h4>Perfect pitch is redundant</h4>
  <p>Perfect pitch is literally the same as relative pitch. Why would you want to be forced to narrow your musical library. I know some people with very good relative pitch (Cough cough Charley Vukojevich) who have better pitch than perfect pitch people. Charley is also doing so much better performance and theory wise than perfect pitch people. I wish I could be as good as her... Anyways, perfect pitch is redundant because good relative pitch exists. You may have seen on my profile that I'm training my pitch like my octave and Hertz recognition, but you can do that with relative pitch too :/</p>
  <h4>Conclusion</h4>
  <p>Perfect pitch is dumb. I only have two points, because those are the only points that separate good pitch people from normal pitch people. How to transfer perfect pitch to good relative? You get rid of perfect pitch and then get good relative. However, easier said than done.</p>
</body>
