<body>
  <h2>How Year 9 Skirt Length Correspond to an Invisible Hierarchy</h2>
  <p>Disclaimer: Please don't take this seriously. This is just a joke. If you believe you are cool, then I support you fully. Everyone can be and is cool. If you believe you are higher up or lower down the hierarchy, then it be so.</p>
  <h4>Background</h4>
  <p>Basically, the shorter the skirt, the cooler and higher up the girls hierarchy you are. This includes if your skirt is normally this short or if you have rolled it up. If you identify as a girl but don't own a school skirt or a dress, then you are placed around the middle-lower end of the hierarchy. If you usually don't wear one but sometimes do, count to as how long your skirt is when you do wear it. Dresses kind of count but don't have such a huge impact. I will not name anyone except my own friend group.</p>
  <h4>The girls with the shortest skirts</h4>
  <p>Literally the queens of the year group. They're the coolest and ranked the highest on this hierarchy. These girls are towards the pretty end, and they're generally quite sassy, and like to giggle a lot. They get along with people decently well and "everyone" likes them. Their skirt lengths show the majority of their legs, and theyre generally hemmed then rolled up further. They generally pick dance or visual art for their art subject. They're also quite good at sport. Many of them have guys chasing after them or already have a boyfriend. These girls are way off who I interact with. They're just too cool for me yknow. If you want an example, search up "Sayori doki doki" and you'll see.<br>However, with the length of the girls' skirts, it's a little gross when they're walking up the stairs, you're behind them and you look up, generally with the intention to see how long until you're at the top...</p>
  <h4>Just a little below the highest ranking</h4>
  <p>This group of girls have skirt lengths that are like mid-thigh but aren't excruciatingly short like the group above them. They are still extremely popular girls and many people still like them. They still retain similar personalities with the upper tier. Some people in this group are extremely gifted at academics and other things, but some are just like mid-tier. Most people in this group are Asian. Just an observation, not a racist statement. They still have the walk up the stairs issue...</p>
  <h4>Mid range</h4>
  <p>These are the girls whose skirts just pass the school rules. 10cm above knee. Maybe a little higher, maybe a little lower. We'll never know. This is the group where they genuinely can't walk in a long skirt. They might be rolled up, they might not. These people are generally nice and are quite peaceful. Some of these are music kids. Some are drama and dance kids. Some are VA kids. We'll never know. Generally, this is the most mysterious and unique group of girls.</p>
  <h4>Below 10cm and knee length</h4>
  <p>These people are nerdy people. Like Ellie. The sweats of the year. These are very smart people, however aren't very popular at all (with the exception of Ellie and some others). However we should fear these people. These are the 99 Atar club girls. The ones becoming doctors. Most of these are music kids.</p>
  <h4>Below knee length</h4>
  <p>The people with the longest skirts - I'm pretty sure Luvenia, Crystal, Arielle and my skirts are the longest. We actually look like nuns. Skirts are below knee quite far down. We're the people that don't exactly care how we look. We don't really socialise with the rest of our cohort, except we socialise with our hobbies and studies. Some of us are gaming addicted (not me). Some of us are study addicted (like me). Most of us don't get enough sleep. Many of us are music students. We're pretty good at our academics. However, we are still pretty popular with specific guy groups in my cohort. There are a surprising number of magnets in this group.</p>
  <h4>Skirtless ones</h4>
  <p>They're places around the middle and lower ends of the spectrum. They're generally fairly outgoing people but they don't have the loud qualities of the top of spectrum. They can be fairly messy people and they're pretty decent and studies. They're fairly relaxed people and are not hostile.</p>
  <h4>Speculations</h4>
  <p>Most of us will become the mid-range group by year 12. However, my friends and I have promised we will never roll up our skirts unless the hip of the skirt is still too wide.</p>
</body>