---
title: The Town
---

<body>
  <h2>The "Town"</h2>
  <p>In reference to <a href="https://spicata.99000000.xyz/theTown.html">Spicata</a>, <a href="https://ed.toomwn.xyz/04-03-2023-the-town-analogy/">Edward</a>, <a href="https://nottaro.github.io/littleroot/Writings/town/">Jonathan</a>, <a href="https://pi-thagoras.github.io/the-chicken-pen/The-Town.html">π-thagoras</a>, <a href="https://harzavad.github.io/the-merchant/the-town.html">Donal</a>, <a href="https://reapers-notes-v3.pages.dev/notes/The-Town">Reaper</a> and <a href="https://rewind789.github.io/wanderer-archive/the-town.html">Kiefer's</a> "articles."</p>
  <h4>How I ended up here</h4>
  <p>You may have heard that I used to use Wix.com. This is true. Funnily enough, that site is still open, but I am not going to link to it. Haha. I used to live in a very large city with my friend <a href="https://beatricesychong.wixsite.com/notes">Beatrice</a>, and other people. It was quite a very very big city, and there wasn't much space. This is why the houses are so small. Hey Edward! I promise my house wasn't gothic themed. It was a very nice house themed with books and plants.<br>Soon enough, I had so many notes that I didn't have enough space to store all the notes. So I left the city. I still kept my diaries with me, and I was homeless for a little while.<br>Edward had been inviting me to join this town for a while, and after a few "reminders," I finally set up... but using a quartz template. I decided to move from this as well, as the house was too "tall and skinny." I didn't like so many stories so I broke down all the foundations I already had and built a phatter house that was a little more stable.</p>
  <h4>Background</h4>
  <p>Basically, we live in the middle of the desert. The desert (school) is the home of many disasters. These include zephyrs (homework),strong gusts of wind (tests, assignments and assessments) and sandstorms (academic exams, which luckily, I do not have. Yet.)<br>There are nomads, who are people who wander in the harsh conditions of the desert, and they get by in their own way. Sometimes they come and we provide some of their much needed resources, sometimes they get their resources from the city, which is further north.<br>It is really quite great here, it is nice living in a group of perhaps like-minded residents.</p>
  <p>I don't sell anything in my house. I don't have a stall. Instead, my house is like a library or a museum. My house is unlocked at almost all times, and almost all the rooms (except my bedroom) are unlocked. I have a lot of drawings and sketches and books displayed, and you're welcome to come and take a look. I also am one of the news reporters of the town, along with Athu, Jonathan and Spicata. The articles can be seen <a href="https://shan-mei.github.io/shanmeis-notes/ranting/news.html">here (my website)</a> or <a href="https://shanmeis-notes.toomwn.xyz/">here (official website)</a>.</p>
  <h4>The Community</h4>
  <p>I will draw up the community one day and put it here.</p>
  <p>We are a fairly small community, yet we are flourishing. There are water springs and trees.There are small stalls set up, and a few houses. Some of our houses are still foundations, like Jole's, and some are fairly well developed houses, like Spicata and Edward's.</p>
  <p>Spicata was the founder of the town. He is a very helpful and kind individual. He has a house, a garden, and his own stall. He doesn't sell, instead gives away the stuff he collects from his journey through the desert (souvenirs of sorts). He is also a talented artist - he has whole gallery of visual art in his stall displayed. This is his <a href="https://spicata.99000000.xyz/mint-fresh-notes/">garden </a>and this is his <a href="https://spicata.99000000.xyz">stall</a>. He lives near the square, next to Jonathan.</p>
  <p>Edward was also one of the original members of the town, his house design being the inspiration of many others' (more on this later). He is the mayo(r) of the town. He "sells" tea and spaghetti. He has a relatively large house, which is very resourceful and interesting. I have been accused of dating him many a time because of this, I promise, I am not, I am a year 9 and he is year 11. It just doesn't work. Hmph.<br>His house is around the corner of Spicata's residence, right <a href="https://ed.toomwn.xyz/">here</a>, still next to the town square. He also lives next to Anon, Jonathan and me. I will not talk about how he has burnt down his house twice...</p>
  <p>Mace is one of the original towners. I don't visit him very much, because I do not know him very well. His house is always unlocked but he rarely shows his face. He also sets up a stall of souvenirs, but he allows us to steal them. He lives on a hill a little further from the town square, and his house is fairly large. It is <a href="https://macesnotes.netlify.app/">here</a>, next to Notmario</p>
  <p>Notmario is the last (but not least) of the oldest town members. He has souvenirs like foreign coins and old electronic bits, and many other things. He has a very simple house, with bright colours such as purple and teal. He is the most knowledgable computer scientist and his library is the largest. He has some very interesting stories and theories that we can all consider. His house is <a href="https://notmario.github.io/thenotes/">here</a>, next to Mace's.</p>
  <p>Anon is part of the second generation of towners. He has a large interest in science, Japanese and literature, and his house is full of science experiment tables, Japanese calligraphy and books. He offers some very good science insight if you go to his house, and is very smart. It is <a href="https://anonymoof1528.github.io/into-the-shadow-garten/">here</a>, next to Edward's and π-thagoras's</p>
  <p>Thomas is also a second gen town member. He lives next to me, and even though he is fairly new, his house is quite developed and I personally think his house is very cool - Its contemporary shape and its colour scheme and ideas. He is a very nice person who strives to achieve his goals. He also "sells" souvenirs, but I am particularly interested in his souvernirs from Japan. His house is <a href="https://nottacoz.github.io/jacaranda/">here</a>.</p>
  <p>MQ-9 Reaper is a second generation town member. He also lives next to Jonathan, and his looks similar to Edward's because it is small and skinny. I hear Edward semi-helped him with the design. They really do not like each other, but it's not my business, so I will not talk about this any more. He was like me, he also moved from a different city/town... and doens't seem all that happy in this new town. But I admire his willingness to continue trying. Reaper is also very good at computing and money management. He also enjoys documenting his everyday events. He has leant a lot of help to me in many different areas that are not showcased in his house as well, like music and things that require lots of common sense. His house is <a href="https://reapers-notes-v3.pages.dev/">here</a>.</p>
  <p>Jonathan is also a second generation towner. He is a very kind and interesting person with lots of insight at hand. He has a massive library of info about sciences, money, literature and math. He also has a large interest in pokemon and anime. He is also extremely tall and smart, as it clearly states in the living room of his house. He volunteers as a tourist guide and has a little bookstore. It is <a href="https://nottaro.github.io/littleroot/">here</a>, next to Spicata's, Reaper's and Edward's.</p>
  <p>π-thagoras is the last but not least of the generation 2 town members. He has the best house at the moment. He is a chicken rancher with many cute chickens scampering around on their little legs. Kento is also a very nice person, and he is also extremely good at design. He is also very knowledgeable about money and science. He is also a big fan of Japanese things. He is also a talented seer, he has predicted the future accurately many a time. His house is near mine, over <a href="https://pi-thagoras.github.io/the-chicken-pen/">here</a>, next to mine, Anon's and Thomas's</p>
  <p>Jole is a generation three town member. The Town was very lucky to have him join, he is the best mathmetician here. He is a big fan of cookies (I need to bake some cookies for him). He as a person is very insightful, and he is very talented at music as well, being a clarinetist and violinist. He is also very kind and has a refined sense of humour, helping others through the more solemn and serious times in the Town. His house fairly new and is <a href="https://rubver16.github.io/joles-notes/">here</a>, next to Athu, Claudia, Beatrice, Reaper and Edward.</p>
  <p>Athu is also a third generation town member. He is the vice-mayo(r). He is very talented at magic and math. He is a nice person, who also has an interest in music, him being a flautist. He is also always willing to help people with their struggles, like school work and just life in general. Athu is also a very cool person (not debatable, sorry). His house is also fairly new, but it has walls and designs being put up at a very fast rate. It is <a href="https://super-cookies.github.io/duk/">here</a>, next to Anon and Jole.</p>
  <p>Tom is the third third generation towner. He is a very active member of the town, often helping defend the town itself from disasters. He is also interested in producing games and writing fiction on all sorts of games... spaceships, war and even twists on town happenings. He is a person who is very open with his emotions. He even has a room where people can experience how he feels (brain damage). Like many others in the town, he is a talented mathmetician and chemist. His house is fairly new and it is <a href="https://grimreaper2654.github.io/Notes/">here</a>, next to Notmario, Mace and Loren's houses.</p>
  <p>Loren is another third generation oomer. She is also the only female identifier minus me!! Dream come true. She lives in a house with a really pretty garden with a beautiful assortment of flowers and plants, with a small lake with koi and ducks. She is also the only human biologist and lawyer in the town, so she holds some very special value within the town. However as a person, she is extremely nice and very very cool (and also very pretty). Her house is <a href="https://ionized-satellite-e99.notion.site/Loren-s-Garden-cd03827de0a743468d9fb5a70413fc95">here</a>, next to Tom, Kat and my houses</p>
  <p>Donal is a third generation towner and also the second young member (the first being me!). He is a dedicated merchant. He also owns a warehouse where he keeps all his antiques intact. His house is styled like a huuuge scroll, with neat decorations like how they would be drawn on a scroll. He seems like a very mysterious person, but when you get to know him he is a fun and bubbly guy. This is his <a href="https://harzavad.github.io/the-merchant/">stall</a> and this is his <a href="https://yuki-private-site.notion.site/The-Warehouse-2023-1ae90b0e39104f71b081a40cba9f4aaf">warehouse</a>, and he lives next to Reaper, Beatrice and Kiefer.</p>
  <p>Kiefer is the last but not least of the third generation towners. His house is under some severe development and it seems to be a little lopsided. The information seems to also be exactly the same as Donal's... anyways. His colour scheme is very cute and he is a big fan of cats. He is the second youngest member of the town. He is a very interesting individual with many stories to tell. His house is <a href="https://rewind789.github.io/wanderer-archive/">here</a>, next to Spicata, Donal, Ethan and Thomas's houses.</p>
  <p>Beatrice is the first of the fourth generation townies. Like me, she originally lived in the city. However, she joined us after she experienced some hardship (that's not the reason why she joined). Her house is extremely well furnished, however unlike our houses, you need to ask her for permission to enter anywhere beyond her living room. Age wise, she is older than me but younger than the people who are older than me. She is also a very kind individual, and even does work for other people. She is an all rounder, and specialises in many subjects. Her house is over <a href="https://beatricesychong.wixsite.com/notes">here</a>, surrounded by Reaper, Jole, Claudia and Donal's houses.</p>
  <p>Claudia is the 2nd member of the 4th generation. She is also the youngest member. She is also Spicata's younger sister, <s>making her the better sibling</s> which is very cool. She is quite bubbly and she is very nice to talk to. She is also a big fan of gorillas. She also loves pink themes, hence why her house has very pretty pink wallpapers and furniture. She likes to output lots of articles and talks of her life. Her house is next to Jole and Beatrice's, over <a href="https://cshc.notion.site/cshc/claudia-s-life-planner-c23280690bef46b79adee2d0773c5591">here</a>.</p>
  <p>Ajay is our third 4th gen member. He lives in a very fun and colourful house of quartz and likes to share his works as he is "very wise and so there is immense knowledge." He is very well versed in leadership and the academics. He is a very nice person who likes to support people and the community. He also enjoys ranting about different things but he tends to... enjoy hiding them from the public. However, the majority of his house is unlocked and containing useful information. His house is <a href="https://baju-s.toomwn.xyz/">here</a>, next to Thomas and Ethan's</p>
  <p>Kat is the 4th 4th generation towner. She is very cool and she is very fun to be around. She is also a very respectful person towards everyone else in the town and her surroundings. She excells in everything (but spec, as it seems), and she is the best designer in the town, being extremely popular. She is also our psychologist. Her house is very well furnished, with many miscellaneous bits and bobs lying around. She also has a strange liking for clocks. Her house is <a href="https://coreonett.notion.site/coreonett/Year-11-Notes-6978dbec99e943649a3a0773b2ee0587">here</a>, next to Loren's and Pi-thagoras's</p>
  <p>Ethan is the 5th member of generation 4. He had been held hostage for a while within the town for a while for reasons that Edward and Spicata won't talk about. Now, he has been released from his prison of sorts and he has built a house. His house is made of quartz and looks like everyone else's who made their houses out of quartz... I figure its probably not a material that is easy to change shape-wise. In his house, he has put up construction signs everywhere telling of things he will add and build and showcase... I do hope he will follow through. His house is next to Ajay and Kiefer's, over <a href="https://geobears-owner.github.io/smarting-up/bank/home/">here</a>.</p>
  <p>This is all the people in the city for now. Hopefully more settlers come in.</p>
</body>
