<body>
  <h2>Year 8 Biology Notes</h2>
  <p>Made on the request of the 2023 year 8s.</p>
  <h3>Cells</h3>
  <h4>Overview and prokaryotes</h4>
  <p>Cells are the first things to exist, existing from over 4 billion years ago. Simple cells are called prokaryotes. They are the first cells. Prokaryotes don't have a nucleus or membrane-bound organelles. Their only organelle prokaryotes have are free-floating ribosomes. They are unicellular and they cannot get bigger, as they lack energy and the required organelles.<br>Prokaryote cell anatomy:<br>Membrane: delicate lipid, or fat, that is a protein coat. It holds the cell's liquid (cytoplasm) and organelles. It prevents unwanted things (like other cells) from entering.<br>Nucleoid region: Where DNA is stored. It doesn't have a membrane that separates it from the cytoplasm<br>Cytoplasm: A safe liquid held in the cell membrane. It is made of mostly water and salts.<br>Ribosomes: made of RNA. They build proteins from amino acids in the cytoplasm. They are free-floating.</p>
  <h4>Kaboom</h4>
  <p>3 billion years after the existence of cells, a prokaryotic cell entered another one without destroying it. Usually, they'd just destroy each other. This created the existence of eukaryote cells, which produce energy and have a nucleus. There are three groups of eukaryote cells: plant, animal and fungal cells.</p>
  <h4>Eukaryote general anatomy</h4>
  <p>These exist in all eukaryote cells:<br>Cell membrane: same as prokaryote cells<br>Cytoplasm: same as prokaryote cells<br>Free-floating ribosomes: same as prokaryote cells<br>Nuclear envelope: a membrane of sorts with ribosomes attached to them<br>Nucleolus: where ribosomes are produced and assembled. The ribosomes are then transported to nuclear pores and then the endoplasmic reticulum.<br>Mitochondrion: oval shaped with curvy lines. They produce energy, and the more energy a cell needs, the more mitochondria (plural form) they need.<br>Nucleus: has a membrane bound sac that encloses it. It stores the DNA of the cell, and has pores.<br>Cytoskeleton: made up of microtubles and it games shape to the cell. It also moves organelles around inside of the cell.<br>Rough endoplasmic reticulum: abbreviated to RER. They produce proteins for the cell, and the reticulum has ribosomes attached to them<br>Smooth endoplasmic reticulum: abbreviated to SER. They produce lipids and carbohydrates and don't have ribosomes attached.<br>Golgi complex/apparatus: they transport protein that the rer makes in packages (vessicles) to where they're needed.</p>
  <h4>Animal cells anatomy</h4>
  <p>These are parts of a cell that only animal cells have:<br>Centriols: they are bundles of tubes that organise cell division. In a cell, there are two centriols.<br>Lysosomes: Membrane bound organelles with digestive enzimes. THey break down and recycle excess and worn out cell components and molecules. So, if a prokaryote enters the eukaryote, the lysosomes eat the prokaryote.<br>Small vacuoles: storage places where they store nutrients and waste. Usually they would be small.<br>If you want to look at my animal cell model then it is <span class="button"><a href="https://www.canva.com/design/DAE6Zo1bl4Y/EEy0FelBXGO9aXrdU4cwqg/view?utm_content=DAE6Zo1bl4Y&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link2&utm_source=sharebutton">here</span></a>.</p>
  <h4>Plant cell anatomy</h4>
  <p>These are the unique parts of plant cells<br>Cell wall: They have a cell wall made of cellulose. They are a lot thicker than a cell membrane, and they help keep unwanted things out. Sometimes, they will stick to other cell walls.<br>One large vacuole: it stores a large amount of water, andstores starch, an energy source for the cell. The vacuole puts a lot of pressure on the cell and creates part of its shape.<br>Chloroplasts: they help do photosynthesis. It contains chlorophyll, and this helps convert solar energy into plant food.</p>
  <h4>Fungal cell anatomy</h4>
  <p>These are the unique parts of fungal cells, however, many of these are similar to plant cells.<br>Cell wall: made of chitin rather than cellulose<br>Note: They don't have chloroplasts.</p>
  <h4>Cell theory</h4>
  <p>3 principles:<br>There is one or more cells in an organism<br>A cell is the most basic organism, and they make the basic structure and organisation of the organism, and cells come form other living cells (explained later)<br>Prokaryotes are unicellular and eukaryotes can be both unicellular and multicellular (fungal cells can be both, plant and animal are usually multicellular).</p>
  <h4>Timeline of cell understanding</h4>
  <p>Anton Van Leeuwenhoek (1632 - 1723): First to see libing organisms. He called them animalcules. He used the first simple light telescope.<br>Roberk Hook (1635 - 1703): He used a compound microscope and viewed a slice of cork. He saw little box-like structures (dead plant cells) and called them cells, because it reminded him of the little rooms that monks lived in.<br>Matthias Schleiden (1804 - 1881): He was the first to see living plant cells. He determined that plants were also made of cells.<br>Theodor Schwann (1810 - 1882): He examined animal tissue and also found they were made of cells (which must have looked different).<br>Rudolf Virchow (1821 - 1902): He decided that all cells can only be produced by other living cells</p>
  <h4>Specialised cells</h4>
  <p>There are many different kinds of animal and plant cells. They are each designed for ther own task - this is called cell specialisation. Not all of them look the same, some are shaped specially for their jobs. As eukaryotes can be multicellular, they work together and divide tasks to survive. When the same type of specialised cells work together, they are called tissues. When different groups of tissues work together, they are called organs. For example, muscle tissue work with the nervous tissue to form a beating heart, which is an organ.<br>Examples:<br>Paliside cells are designed for photosynthesis and contain more chloroplasts.<br>Sperm cells contain many enzymes and have flagelli, which help them swim. <br>Ciliated cells stop long damage by catching bacteria, and instead of breathign it, it goes into stomach and the stomach cells eat it. <br>Root hair cells are designed to absorb water - they have a large surface areas and large/many vacuoles.<br>Nerve cells (neurones) are long, and they carry electric signasls. They carry nerve impulses to different parts of the body<br>Red blood cells carry oxygen. They don't have a nucleus, which means they have no DNA, as they are designed to store as much oxygen as possible. They have a large surface area, and has haemoglobin, which joins with oxygen.</p>
  <h4>Cell movement</h4>
  <p>Some cells crawl with pseudopods. They are extentions of the cell, making "fake feet." Some swim with flagellum, which is a large, whip-like tail, which pushes cell through a liquid. Flagellum can be single or be paired. Some swim with cilia, which are fine, hair-like extentions to the cell membrane, and they beat the liquid in unison.</p>
  <h3>Mitosis of cells</h3>
  <h4>Overview</h4>
  <p>Mitosis is where a parent cell duplicates and splits into two daughter cells. It is the way cells divide to create genetically identical daughter cells. There is an increadibly small chance that the daughter cells will be different to the daughter cell. Specialised cells have special characteristics, so if we change them, the cell might not function. Specialised cells also cannot turn into other specialised cells. Onl stem cells can turn into stem cells - they are not specialised cells yet.</p>
  <h4>Cancer and mitosis</h4>
  <p>Cancer isn't tested on the objectives (in 2022), but it is interesting.<br>Cancer is created through mis-mitosis, where there is a fault during the duplication of cells. The daughter cells cannot function and the daughter cells create more daughter cells and the entire tissue ceases to function.</p>
  <h4>Phases and lifetime</h4>
  <p>A cell's lifetime is called interphase. Interphase is where the cell does its normal functions.<br>Prophase: where genetic information condenses, and centriols make spindle fibres, which attach to bundles of DNA called chromosomes. There are pairs of chromosomes, which were created during interphase.<br>Metaphase: Chromosomes move to the middle of the cell, along the equator.<br>Anaphase: the chorosomes get pulled apart by the spindle fibres, and one set of DNA gets pulled to one side of the cell, and the other set to the opposite side.<br>Mitosis: where the cell splits and forms 2 indentical daughter cells.</p>
  <h3>The heart and blood</h3>
  <h4>Blood</h4>
  <p>Glucose and gasses are transported with blood. The shade of red is how much oxygen is in the blood - the darker, the less oxygen. It maintains Ph and temperature. Platelets help with blood clotting for when something goes wrong (you injure yourself). Haemoglobin is red in colour.</p>
  <h4>The heart</h4>
  <p>There are two sides of the heart - oxygenated and deoxygenated parts. It's also called the left and the right side. The right side is the owner's right. There are also left and right atriums and venticules. Atriums are the top half the the heart, where venticules are the bottom half of the heart. Arteries carry blood towards the heart, and are usually deoxygenated. The only exception is the pulmonary artery, as it is the artery from the lungs to the heart. The aorta is the main oxygen deliverer. Coronary veins are the veins that carry blood around the heart, as the heart needs blood too.</p>
  <h4>Path of blood</h4>
  <p>Vena cava -> right atrium -> tricuspid valve -> right ventricle -> pulmonary valve -> pulmonary artery -> lungs -> pulmonary vein -> left atrium -> mitral valve -> left ventricle -> aortic valve -> aorta.</p>
  <h3>Other bits and pieces from my paper notes</h3>
  <h4>Respiratory system</h4>
  <p>When the lungs have less pressure, the air goes in. The alveoli in the lungs is quite thick.</p>
  <h4>Parthogenesis</h4>
  <p>Where an unfertilised egg (no male interference) forms and embryo. There's no father's DNA, meaning there is no father. It is usually less successful, as it is missing half of the DNA.</p>
</body>